---
layout: post
title: The Ultimate Folder 
---
Out in the countryside, a beautiful little village with an amazing sunrise, swayed across like a peaceful peach-blue painting. The ground was filled with green trees, bushes, and plants. Varieties of fruits hung on the healthy green trees. The little huts were made out of fresh yellow hay and thick brown sticks, branches, and twigs.The happy, hungry horses galloped across the pavement, while children played with bamboo woven balls with joyful smiles. There was a fresh smell of bread and cakes from the county’s bakery. The sun glowed with bright yellow rays of sunlight gleaming in the puddles with a splash, while bunnies hopped in the gardens. In the village was a little, beautiful brick school with a peaceful, pleasant view. 

The school had flowers like a necklace surrounding the school. The school was very comfortable because there was a nurse’s office in case somebody got hurt. There were beautiful trees near the school. Kids sometimes went there to play games. Their teachers were so friendly, that most kids loved going there! When it was sunny the view would be amazing because of the flowers rising to the clouds as trees peacefully made a change to the scenery. In the fall, the school was bright with colors as kids jumped in the leaves and played in them. Sadly, some of the workers had to clean them up. In the winter, the snow layed like icing on the school with feather-like snow falling on the trees. In the spring, the rain fell like beads and then the sky would be filled with baby animals and birds.  Many kids went there.

 Near the school was a little home with a family of four. The hut was a shade of brown with dandelions around it. A mom named Alice, a little 6-year-old girl, and another 10-year-old girl lived there. They all lived happily, but the older sister named Olivia had only a little bit of time in the evening to play with her little sister, Bettsy. So most of the time Bettsy was lonely, happy, but rarely busy. Olivia did not have time, because she was in fourth grade and was in school. But Bettsy also had some school now, so she did enjoy her time a lot. 

 It was two weeks until Christmas and one week until Bettsy’s birthday! Olivia and Bettsy were so obviously overjoyed, that they watered the plants super duper fast! Sadly, Olivia and Bettsy had school. “Bye Mommy!” shouted Olivia and Bettsy as they wandered on the road to the brick building.  The sky was beautiful since dusk was coming. The weather was freezing.The building was an ice cube! She went across the road and through the small forest and out near school. The forest was like a green spot. She worried about Bettsy so much she almost lost track of where she was going. She skipped across the first hallway to her room. Her teacher was Mrs.Masie. She was a fourth grade teacher and was kind, generous, and fabulous at teaching!

Bettsy also had to go the same route.She went across the road and through the small forest and out near school.  When she arrived at the forest she managed to go almost to the end. She tripped over a rock and her hand bashed on the thorny thorn bush, “OW!!” she yelled. She got a watery little leaf and used it as a bandage.  Bettsy did not like getting hurt, nor did she like getting lost in the deep woods. It was as dark as a black hole! She went to the peak of the forest and saw a little hill. Bettsy went on the hill, but there were different paths leading to the school. She got lost, so she tried every way and finally found it. She hurried to the end and went to her classroom with Ms.Rose.

 She hid her hand in her pocket. They were going to do math first. She knew the answer to the problems, but she did not want to show her hand because she thought something bad was going to happen. Her plan  was working because she was wearing a sweater and a jacket for the cold weather.
 “Mrs. Rose? Can I talk to you privately?”
“Sure! We can talk in the supply room. Everybody else work on math.” Bettsy told Mrs.Rose about the hand. “Oh dear! How did that happen Bettsy? Come, let's quickly get to the nurse.” Mrs. Rose whispered reassuringly.. They ran to the nurse’s office.  The nurse's name was Ms. Lily.
“What happened dear? Sit on the bed!”
She sat on the Bed as Ms.Lily put Aloe Vera juice on her palm. It was so painful, that Ms. Lily had to put some ice on her hand! 
“ I am sorry Ms.Rose, but Bettsy might not go to school for some time.”
“Oh, well if it is good for her, I am perfectly fine with it.” Bettsy rested on the hay for some time. It was inside so it was a lot more cozy because of the softness.
Olivia was having a much better time. When Olivia went to her classroom they were going to go outside, but it was so cold they did everything inside the school! Even the play time. Olivia unpacked her wool bag and slipped her fluffy coat off her.
“ What are we going to do today, Mrs. Masie?”
“Some square roots. We might not have outside time, but we will manage and still have fun! Just curious, but why?”
“ No reason, it’s just my little sister’s first day of school. She’s in first grade and I really want to check on her sometime. She gets a little shy sometimes.”
“ Oh, ok. That makes sense. You could do it at recess time! That would work with me, but ask her teacher. Actually, who is her teacher?”
“She also has a break then! That would be great! Her teacher is Ms. Rose!” 
“Good. I know Ms.Rose! She is a very great teacher and an amazing friend.
After Olivia and her class learned math and reading they would have play time, but they had to miss science so one hour of free time! 
 
It was play time finally! Olivia ran to the first grade section and went to Bettsy’s classroom. She had to pass the cows and go over the cans! It was like an adventure.
 Sadly, Bettsy was not there. Not even in the bathroom or doing chores! Olivia got worried.
“Ms.Rose, do you know where Bettsy is by any chance? I really want to check on her,”
“Sorry sweetie. Bettsy got hurt badly. She is in the nurse's office. I can bring you there if you’d like, your choice. Really. We can go through in a short cut so be careful, don’t trip ”
“I would love it if you could do that, but are you free? I do not want to disturb you.”
Well… my student’s are just doing some puzzles, so yes. Whenever you like, even now.”
“Thank you so much! I really appreciate all of this. I have a lot of time so we do not need to run.”

Olivia and Ms.Rose went across the cows and through the street. There were so many fruits and cakes, Olivia remembered she didn’t eat anything since she went to school. Ms.Rose told Mrs.Masie what happened and Olivia was allowed to go. They were getting really cold so they hurried to the street where the nurse and Bettsy were. When they arrived at her hut, they met Bettsy. She was a lot better, but there was a little scar.
“What happened Bettsy?”
“Nothing, I just had a little accident. The nurse told me that I could go home now.”
Bettsy and Olivia Thanked the nurse and left home Olivia ran home to tell their mom. Bettsy walked through the forest then she saw a little purple pouch of powder she took with her because she liked it. Then Bettsy rested and sleeping in the night

In only one day was Bettsy’s birthday. “Go to the store with Olivia to get groceries and  hurry! Come before dark,” Alice told Bettsy. Bettsy got the money in a wool bag and some water for the trip.
“Fine Mom, but can I choose all my candy’s? Pleeeeeease… I'm the one who got hurt” 
“Fine honey, but you need to sleep early.” 
“ Did you hear what Mommy said Olivia?”
“Of course! Woo hoo!” 
Olivia and Bettsy left for the little hut where the groceries were. It was 4:00 pm, So they both had lots of time. “La La La La Scoobie Doobie Da,” sang Bettsy as she skipped on the pavement. 

They both raced to a cow. Then they of course quickly milked it. 
 “Are you excited for your birthday Bettsy?”
“Well… Of course! Who wouldn't be,”. They went to the store to get food.
“Milk, cheese, sugar, salt, pepper, carrots, onions, bread, butter, oil, fruits, cabbage, and candies!” Olivia exclaimed.
“That many things? Wow, but how much money would it be? By the way, Mommy told me that I could choose my own candies this time Olivia!”
 “It would be 20 dollars and Mom got us more than that. So what do you want to get with the extra money?”
“Don’t know, maybe we can visit the play park!!”
“Ok! But we have to go home before dark,”
“That's in a long time! Let's get the groceries quickly. Also I know now what to get, Apples!”

Bettsy and Olivia Went to the store and got all the groceries. Then after they played for some time. They had some soup for dinner. Bettsy had a strange dream. In the dream the village flooded, also a dream about the pouch. 

The next morning Bettsy woke up with her family. It was Bettsy’s birthday today! She had a rice cake with fresh milk ice cream. For her present, she got this amazing folder! It was pink with glitter on it! She put it under her bed with the pouch. Then Olivia gave Bettsy a cool cork bottle. Bettsy put her powder in there and put the pouch in a wooden box. Then They played in the park for a long time. Her mom called them for dinner! They were having apples with yummy food. It was time to sleep. Everybody was sound asleep.

 The next morning the whole family woke up to a siren. The weather alert rang! The cops said that there might be a flood. The whole family had to pack things to leave the village Olivia packed the food and a tent, their mom Alice packed the clothes and toys, and Bettsy packed the folder, the powder, and a big blanket. In one hour the flood came! Everybody evacuated the village, so nobody would get hurt. They had to be in the forest for a night. 
“Mommy? Will it be safe out in the wilderness?”
“Hopefully All the villagers are together. But still no wandering.”
It destroyed all the houses and even the school. Everybody in the village watched. Bettsy was so sad. 

Everybody got a tent to sleep in. It was very safe. Their mom made a little fire and they had some carrots and corn. Bettsy set the tent and Olivia unpacked the bags. It was a big tent so one section she put hay as pillows and a blanket for her family. Then she made another smaller section for the bags, food and the toys. That all took until 6:00 pm. So they ate dinner then slept in the forest.

Bettsy did not know what to do. Should she try to fix it? Or abandon it. Then it came to her mind! She had the weirdest idea at 9:00pm. But it was also an impeccable idea. After the sun dried the destroyed forest, bettsy put all the magical powder on the folder. It rose up and was almost the size of her! She was so surprised she even asked if it could talk!
“Hi matey” the folder said. “Ya need help? I’m good at building, fixing, and working!”
The folder could talk and she saw. Everybody was still asleep.
“Hi! Can you please help me fix the village? A flood came and Literally destroyed it!
“Sure! Happy to help.”
They cleaned the village so they could rebuild it. Bettsy got lots of wood using a wagon and the folder built everything. In only two hours they rebuilt the whole school. Then while the folder was building, bettsy finished ten hay huts, 4 wood huts and got more metal and wood from the old forest. It was 1:00 am already, but they kept working. Then Because of their hard work and how nice they were. The land and sky spirits rose up and put energy in them. Bettsy believed them because the spirits were worshiped by all the villagers. The spirits painted and polished all the huts and the school, they used magic and with one woosh, the school was looking new with the glass doors and the rooms with boards. Bettsy was so surprised! With the spirits' help, from 1:00am to 6:00, the whole village was fixed! Bettsy thanked the spirits after they added the glass and tables in each hut. 

	The folder said bye to the spirits said spirits up in the clouds and some went into the ground and trees. Bettsy  was so amazed, but still nobody woke up! But at 9:00 everybody woke up seeing Bettsy fixing an extra hut as a store! They were amazed. Everybody was asking how she did all of this. Before answering, her mother called her to a section where nobody was.  Bettsy ran to there also meeting Olivia.
“How did you do this sweetie?” Alice unbelievingly asked Bettsy.
“I didn't do it by myself. Some land and sky spirits helped me. They had these cool wands and made the windows! Most of it was from this folder! It is a looong story. I saw EVERYthing!”
“Sweetie? Wow. I am amazed! But HOW is that folder alive? And what is she building to our house?”
“Oh, her? I actually don’t know. You can ask. Don’t worry, she speaks english.”

“Ok, Folder, why are you building still extending our house?”
“The hero’s need a biiiggg home! And I will also need some space. By the way, my name is Macy.”

Alice, Olivia and Bettsy thanked the folder, Macy for doing all the hard work. Then they realized bettsy disappeared! Olivia found Bestty creating a little home for the folder. It was adorable. It was pink and blue with a sparkly rime. It also had some jules and a flag on it. It even had a mailbox for information about what is happening around the village! Inside, it had a mini refrigerator with some food in it, a little bed, and a table with chairs! It was really big, but they used the extension for Macy the folder. The mini house was impeccable! There were windows that the spirits gave as a gift. Now, the beautiful little village had little huts made out of fresh yellow hay and thick brown sticks, branches, and twigs. Life was how it started, but even better.
 




The end

---
