---
layout: post
title: Micro Fiction
---

One sunny afternoon in summer,  Bree, a caring girl, was getting ready to prepare a birthday present. In only 1 hour was Maya, her friend's, birthday party! Bree was giving Maya an art kit. While she was getting the present ready, the doorbell rang.
“Ding dong!”
She opened the door, being welcomed by her friend Bella. Bree and Bella were good friends, but often got in fights. Bella was always jealous about Bree and Maya’s friendship. Bella always created some type of drama, but Bree never really noticed.
“Hi Bree!!” Bella said. 
“Hi!” 
As Bella came in and got settled, Bree noticed a box in Bella's hand similar to her present, but stayed quiet. Bella and Bree started talking to each other until,
Bree said, “One second! I'm going to go to the bathroom.”
While she was gone, Bella snuck up and switched Bree’s box with hers. In the box Bella brought, there was a pair of dirty socks.
“I can’t wait to see Maya and Bree’s reaction!” Bella said excitedly while creeping back to the couch. 
Bella left the actual present next to where her present originally was so, Bree would think that was Bella’s box. After Bree returned, While hiding a mischievous smile Bella said, “Bye! See you at the party!” and left without her present.
 Bella thought that Bree would return the box with the actual present to her, and would bring the stinky present to Maya.
“Well, time to wrap my present,” Bree said to herself.
 When she went to wrap her present, she didn’t know which one was hers, so she guessed. Fortunately, Bree chose the correct one! After wrapping the correct one Bree decided to wrap Bella’s in case that was her present. 
When the birthday party started Bree gave Bella the stinky socks present and went to greet Maya. Later, when it was time to open presents, Bella felt the excitement running through her. 
When Maya ripped open Bree’s present her eyes beamed in happiness.
“I love this art kit!” Maya said.  
“Maya dont open my pre-!” Bella started saying worriedly as she realized it was the stinky present, but it was too late by then.
 Maya looked into the box disgustedly. Bella felt guilt wash over her as she watched herself lose 2 of her friends.
“Umm… what is this?” Maya said to Bella.
 Bella explained everything while Bree and Maya were figuring out what to think.
“I always felt like I was not as good of a friend as Bree to you, so thought this would make a difference. I didn’t realized what i’d done though.” Bella said, ashamed.
 In the end, Maya and Bree forgave Bella and they all became the good friends they once were before.
“Promise you won’t do anything like that again?”  Bree asked.
"Promise!" she said, relieved that it was now over as Maya opened the rest of her presents.
                             The End.


